  At the inception of this project I wanted to create a dashboard that would help bracketology participants use advnced stats to make decisions while filling out their March Madness brackets. I wanted the dashboard to allow the user to choose two of the top 68 teams in NCAA basketball and compare each team's performance in the most important advanced statistics in the 2019-20 season. I used Dean Oliver's Four Factors as a guide to identify and weigh the most important statistics in measuring a team's success in metrics correlated with winning games in the current season. I took it a step further by measuring the correlation between the four facotrs (and a few other metrics) and games won in the 2019-20 season. After identifying the strength of each metric's correlation to success I determined which metrics would be most useful to bracketologists to consider while comparing matchups.
  After determining the basis by which I wanted users to compare each team in the tournament I went about scraping relevant data from Fox Sports and team rankings and their logos from CBS Sports. The data scraped from Fox Sports would be compiled in Google Sheets to create a comprehensive workbook with individul spreadsheets dedicated to Scoring, Rebounding, Shooting, Defense, and Assists. The team rankings scraped from CBS sports would be used to create an organized toolbar that would feature the top 68 NCAA teams in order of their rank. The logos, aklso scraped from CBS, would be paired with each team on spreadsheet dedicated to the NCAA rankings. Once the workbook was filled with scraped data, I designed a dashboard featuring advanced stats and logos at the front of the workbook that allows users to select two teams of their interest and see how each team compares to oneanother.
  This project was my final capstone project for Thinkful's Data Anlytics program. I used Google Colab for the purpose of web scraping and statistical analysis. This project was a lot of fun to work on and also taught me alot about using Google Colab and Google Sheets in tandem to conduct data analysis on the fly with ease.
  Please feel free to give the dashboard a whirl! With hope this project will prove itself useful for next year's March Madness Tournament.
  Here is a link to the dashboard and data set:
  https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Uq_yhxnmoOm-hPbi4MO0e5rAKNTVx_Ao_NfEmPFzebk
